*
**           a
—keu rop qss curriculum vitae
personal information karim bukhsh arbab
9  karachi, pakistan, karachi (pakistan)
b (+92) 335 2827496
i karimbarbab@gmail.com
personal statement — ahardworking individual seeking job that aims to provide learning
opportunities and motivates to work for the growth of the
organization.
education and training                                                                                                                                                                n
2015-2019 bachelor's degree in computer science
fast - national university of computer and emerging sciences (nuces), karachi
(pakistan)
2013-2015 intermediate
st. patrick's college, karachi (pakistan)
2011-2013 matriculation
guards public school, karachi (pakistan)
personal skills                                                                                                                                                                bn
organisational / managerial skills © personal projects
anomalous activity recognition system as final year project using
python and c#
purpose of this project was to detect people fighting from surveillance and
report it to the authorities.
website for e-ticketing for airline using html, css and php.
this website, contained two interfaces, one for admin and the other for
customer. admin could add flight details, routes and schedules and the
customer could view those details and book their ticket accordingly.
crude oil prediction using python
k-means, naive bayes, decision tree and svm were applied to collected dataset
to predict the prices of crude oil.
data encryption using c language.
in this project, whatever data the user would enter would get encrypted and
stored in a file and when user had to get the original data, they would be asked
to insert the password which they set before. if the password matched the one
user set before, the data from file would get decrypted and displayed on
console in original form.
bank account mis using c++ language.
using oop concepts, separate classes were formed and functionalities like
create account, account options, cash withdraw, check balance were provided.
implementation of splay tree using java.
this project was an implementation of splay tree in which the tree was
balanced by "splaying" it and the elements that were recently inserted would
be quick to access.
job-related skills | photoshop ms office java c#
c c++ html/css sql python
pandas matplotlib
5/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                        page 1/1