x
“”           a
—keu rop qss curriculum vitae
personal information fatima rasheed
9  karachi, pakistan, karachi (pakistan)
& (+92) 313 2768085
i fatimarasheedkhan@gmail.com
personal statement my objective is to develop my skills under a secure position and to enhance my abilities of
communicating with different people as a developer. moreover, | want to experience
practical life and work in relative field of my interest.
education and training                                                                                                                                                         n
2015-2019 bachelor's degree in computer science
fast - national university of computer and emerging sciences (nuces), karachi
(pakistan)
2013-2015 intermediate pre-engineering
bamm pechs government college, karachi (pakistan)
2011-2013 matriculation
usman grammer school, karachi (pakistan)
personal skills                                                                                                                                                                |
organisational / managerial skills projects
ii worked on c/c++ language for making basic game projects including logic game, tic tac toe etc.
iti developed many management software including hospital management system, library
management system and inventory system.
ii worked on assembly with arduino to develop home security system, and robo car.
ii worked on jframe for implementing trees, and chat application.
ii worked on java and php using android studio to develop pharmaceutical app.
final year project
ii student health education : an android application through which women can talk about their health
issues with doctors and get proper guidance free of cost.
ii developed on android studio using rest api, java, php and mysql database.
job-related skills | technical skills
ia programming languages: c++, java, html, and css, javascript and php.
ii database: mysql and oracle.
ia tools: netbeans, visual studio, matlab, minitab, eclipse, android studio, slack, visual studio
code, and sublime text.
ii operating system: windows and linux.
4/6/20                                       © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                       page 1/1