*
**           a
—keu rop qss curriculum vitae
personal information muhammad hamza

9  karachi, pakistan, karachi (pakistan)
 (+92) 302 9199786
4 ~muhammadhamza703@gmail.com
@ inkedin.com/in/muhammadhamzah7b4a5610b/

personal statement a young self-motivated it professional with knowledge and proficiency in
object oriented programming, and strong skills and ability in writing clean and
efficient code, seeks the position of software developer/ software engineer to
make a direct impact on the company’s business.

education and training                                                                                                                                                         n
2015-2019 bachelor's degree in computer science
fast - national university of computer and emerging sciences (nuces), karachi
(pakistan)
2013-2015 intermediate
sindh muslim government college, karachi (pakistan)
2011-2013 matriculation
gallant foundation school, karachi (pakistan)
personal skills eee dg
organisational / managerial skills © final year project
region based sentiment polarity identification from online
news
a research based project based on identification of
sentiments on a news published, in different regions based
on particular event, with different opinion of news writer. the
regions include china, india, pakistan, united kingdom, and
united states of america.
e-commerce website
developed using php, html and css.
cricket score (espncricinfo)
online cricket score system consisting of web application
and desktop application developed in c# using .net
framework. the data is scrapped from different live sports
website. the database integration is done by using microsoft
sql server.
ethereum wallet
an android application which allow the ethereum coins to
exchange between the users of the wallet.
internet topology dataset
a research paper reproduction published in ieee
conference. new insights of the router, ip addresses, and
hops was discovered in reproducing the research results.
kubernetes (e-commerce website)
an e-commerce application deployed on google cloud
platform using kubernetes as an orchestration tool.
ca authentication mechanism
a public key encryption simulation in which different modes
6/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                        page 1/2
ke

“ikeuropass                   curriculum vitae                                                                    muhammad hamza
of encryption were used and described the pros and cons
of each mode. ca authentication and simulation of root
ca was also a part of this project.
twitter sentiment analysis
a data science course project build in order to analyze the
sentiments on a particular event by using the twitter api. the
comparison of basic ml algorithms like naive bayes, and
svm

job-related skills skills

c#, css, html, java, latex,
php, python, sql
tools
anaconda
atom
netbeans
pycharm
visual studio

6/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                         page 2/2