x
*”           a
—keu rop qss curriculum vitae
personal information marium salman
9  b-192,block 10, gulshan-e-iqbal, karachi, pakistan, karachi (pakistan)
@ (+92) 324 2554415
4 mariumsalman98@gmail.com
ff linkedin.com/in/marium-salman-1a3791191
personal statement — seeking a challenging and fast-paced environment, where | am able
to apply my skills and add value, integrity and quality to an
organization.
work experience                                                                                                                                     nh
software intern
systems limited, karachi (pakistan)
- gained exposure to the initial stages of a software,
through business analysts working on multiple
projects.
- obtained insight on quality assurance tools and
techniques with awareness of various testing
methodologies and techniques.
education and training                                                                                                                                                         hl
2015-2019 bachelor's degree in computer science
fast - national university of computer and emerging sciences (nuces), karachi
(pakistan)
2013-2015 intermediate
st. lawrence govt. college for girls, karachi (pakistan)
2011-2013 matriculation
montessori complex high school, karachi (pakistan)
personal skills                                                                                                                                                                bh
organisational / managerial skills © relevant projects
research into classification of diabetic retinopathy
in smartphone fundus images (fyp)
researched multiple approaches in the field of bio-medicine
regarding diabetic retinopathy. the research was implemented
creating an application that classifies images as having dr or no
dr using deep learning and image processing techniques.
unpublished research document on the classification of
diabetic retinopathy through deep learning.
classification of images of wooden planks on
grounds of quality using harralick’s features and
machine learning.
harralick's features extracted by image processing techniques
and classified through knn followed by a research report on
the results of the experiments.
survey report on memory hierarchies in personal
6/6/20                                       © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                       page 1/2
ke

“ikeuropass                    curriculum vitae                                                                           marium salman
mobile phones
researched and studied various papers on the different
memory systems in mobile phones.
documentation and designing of erp based student
management system
developed desktop application of a student management
system.
documentation and designing of inventory
management system
designed software in c++ to manage day to day transactions in
a store.

job-related skills § skills

research and documentation proficient writer
designing research and strategy analytical skills
python c/c++ maya

6/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                         page 2/2