*
.    “
—keu rop qss curriculum vitae
personal information faizan mazhar
9  karachi, pakistan, karachi (pakistan)
b (+92) 334 5374238
i faizanmmzhar@gmail.com
personal statement _ to be part of an organization that indulges professional growth which provides challenging
and rewarding career while allowing me to utilize my knowledge and skills.
education and training                                                                                                                                                         hl
2015-2019 bachelor's degree in computer science
fast - national university of computer and emerging sciences (nuces), karachi
(pakistan)
2013-2015 intermediate (pre-engineering)
aps malir cantt, karachi (pakistan)
2011-2013 matriculation (biology)
aps westridge, rawalpindi (pakistan)
personal skills                                                                                                                                                                bh
organisational / managerial skills | unethical activity detection surveillance system - fyp (machine learning)
the purpose of this project was to target offenders of the norms of a society. they
are identified via live surveillance feed and notified to the authorities if any
unethical activity is detected from the live feed. this project was completed using
opencv 3.0, numpy 1.7, python 2.7.15 and c#.
time table generator - android (database systems)
an application made using different concepts, where it gave every individual
student the access to generate their class schedule most efficiently.
tailorease management system - website (ooad)
with help of html/css/php/xampf this website was constructed, the basic
concept was to provide the tailor industry with a paper free management system.
emulated tcp amplification attacks - (information systems security)
a topology was designed which supported the phenomenon of amplification via
tcp, emulated in software gns3. also worked out a security mechanism for the
above mentioned attack and emulated it as well.
museum encyclopedia - android app (human computer interaction)
amobile application which was constructed on android studio. this was a learning
encyclopedia for all students wanting to know more about history. having trivia
questions, fun facts and history regarding historic artifacts.
traffic signal system - (coal)
basically a miniature traffic signal system, made with the help of arduino.
job-related skills — programming languages: c, c++,
java, python, c#, html, css,
android
database: mysql, oracle, ms sql
server, sqlite, mongodb
concepts: oop, ooad, data
structures, design patterns,
refactoring, database design,
machine learning
4/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                        page 1/2
ews

“wkeuropass                   curriculum vitae                                                                          faizan mazhar
tools: eclipse, android studio,
intellij ide, xampp, ms sql server,
visual studio

4/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                         page 2/2