*
**           a
—keu rop qss curriculum vitae
personal information muhammad ahmad khan
9  house no. a-1, al-falah housing society, shah faisal colony, karachi, pakistan, karachi
(pakistan)
f@ (+92) 306 0030630
4 mylink.me@gmail.com
ff). www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-ahmad-khan
personal statement _ to pursue a challenging position that enables to foresee career advancement potential at a
renowned and progressive organization and to offer my knowledge, skills and experience
as to prove myself an asset for the organization.
education and training                                                                                                                                                         hl
2015-2019 bachelor's degree in computer science
fast - national university of computer and emerging sciences (nuces), karachi
(pakistan)
2013-2015 higher secondary certificate (hsc) pre-
engineering
govt. college for men nazimabad, karachi (pakistan)
2011-2013 secondary school certificate (ssc)
pia model secondary school, karachi (pakistan)
personal skills                                                                                                                                                                bh
organisational / managerial skills © final year project
region based sentimental polarity identification from online news:
asentimental analysis project that was divided into three modules.
ii the first module consist of data mining in which more than 20000 news were scrapped from 25
different news sites of five different countries.
ii the second module consist of different machine learning models that were used to enhance the
overall relationship among data and also for predictions of sentiments.
ii the third module consist of a web app that takes the query of relevant news topic and shows the
sentimental visualization of same news on a map across different regions.
course projects
e-commerce website:
ecommerce website developed using (functional/procedural) php, mysql and bootstrap.
ecommerce android app:
ecommerce android app developed using kotlin with json based restful web service in
php.
ethereum wallet:
anon-deterministic ethereum wallet android application developed using web3j library and
connected to the ethereum testnet using infura api that allow the ethereum coins to exchange
between the users of the wallet. security parameters were also defined by implementing a
mechanism for storing (public and private) keys securely in encrypted manner in android storage.
internet topology dataset:
a research paper results reproduced (that was published in ieee conference). new insights of the
router, ip addresses, and hops were discovered by inferring the visualization generated through data
in reproducing the research results.
deployment of containerized e-commerce website:
acontainerized e-commerce application deployed on google cloud platform using its kubernetes
service as a container orchestration tool.
recommendation system:
6/6/20                                       © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                       page 1/2
ews
“ikeuropass                    curriculum vitae                                                              muhammad ahmad khan
recommendation system (collaborative filtering (user based)) developed in python.
unity 2d game:
2d space invader game developed on unity game engine using c#.
super market application:
super market application developed in c++ (console based with filing).
job-related skills © programming languages
java:
core java, java for android.
python:
core python, pandas, sklearn, keras, flask.
php:
laravel, custom mvc framework, web service (mobile back-end).
html & css:
bootstrap.
javascript:
core javascript, jquery, angular 7.
sql:
oracle database 11g release 2, mysql.
c#:
core c# (.net framework), c# for unity.
tools
net bean 8.2
eclipse oxygen
android studio
spyder ide
pycharm (anaconda environment)
jupyter notebook
visual studio code
phpstorm
mysql workbench
phpmyadmin
visual studio 2015
unity
6/6/20                                        © european union, 2002-2020 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu                                         page 2/2